Hoshi has managed to find the largest
crab apple I've ever seen around here
and he's certainly not willing to share
it either last week he had the area all
to himself but he doesn't have that
luxury right now and actually crab
apples are very tough to eat and it's a
fact that I think the big man from Japan
is learning right now meanwhile the
others have decided that many small
apples is the best route forward and I
personally agree with this strategy I
think you could intake more Apple by
chewing on lots of small objects as
opposed to trying to break a large one
down and while we've got them on this
side of the fence it gives us a very
small glimpse about what life would have
been like for their ancestors these guys
are Cooney Cooney picks and they're
great great great great great great
grandparents lived in the forest of New
Zealand and so foraging in Woodland
comes very naturally to these races
kunikunis are also one of the smallest
breeds in the world but that does not
not mean they stayed this small forever
in fact they still grow at least half
the size of most other breeds of pigs
and that means they can grow as much as
80 100 kilograms even more and so the
only reason why these five are so small
is because they are young but I think
we're starting to see why they grow so
big they certainly don't have any guilt
about intaking this much sugar in one
sitting thank God there's no such thing
as Pig diabetes
anyway on to race three